Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? 
If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: All three model architectures classifed the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg as the same breed. 
These were the 4 classifications: german shepherd, german shepherd dog, german police dog, alsatian. 
All the models had the exact same order having german shepard first.



2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? 
If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: Yes Dog_01.jpg had the same exact classifications as Dog_02.jpg for all three model architectures.
All of them were matches as well.



3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? 
If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: crocodile_01.jpg was the only image that had issues being classifed by the alexnet and resnet 
model architectures. The alexnet architecture classifers were: frilled lizard, chlamydosaurus kingi. 
The resnet classifer was: alligator lizard. They were unable to match the crocodile correctly. 
This could be because of the image but the vgg model was able to correctly match the crocodile image. 
Vgg classifers were: african crocodile, nile crocodile, crocodylus niloticus. car_01.jpg didn't have any 
misclassifications or issues. All three models correctly matched the car to it's classifers: sports car, sport car.



4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. 
Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer: The best model architecture was clearly VGG. Not only did it have the best results on the pet_images folder 
but it was able to correctly classify the crocodile image while all the other models couldn't. 
